<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>自傳</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    body {
      background-color: #000000; /* 黑色背景 */
      color: #FFFF99;           /* 鵝黃色文字 */
      font-size: 18px;
      line-height: 1.6;
      margin: 20px;
      font-family: "Arial", sans-serif;
    }
    h1 {
      text-align: center;
      color: #FFFF99;
    }
    p {
      text-align: justify; /* 左右平均分布 */
    }
    ul {
      margin-top: 10px;
      margin-bottom: 20px;
    }
    li {
      margin-bottom: 8px;
    }
    .highlight {
      color: #CC33FF; /* 亮紫色標註 */
      font-weight: bold;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>自傳</h1>

  <p>
  性格和能⼒是⾃我的⼀部分，了解⾃⼰的性格和能⼒可以培養⾃我意識，並利⽤它來影響
⾃⼰的職業選擇、⼈際關係和個⼈成⻑之路。
	</p>
	<p>

我從⼩就對電腦和⼿機感興趣，這幫助我發展了該領域的能⼒，包括編碼、硬體等。這影
響了我的職業選擇，並為我的未來開闢了道路。
我是⼈們所說的內向的⼈，通常不怎麼與⼈交往，但由於我的愛好，如動漫，幫助我培養
了我的社交能⼒和社交圈，參加會議和聚會幫助我進⼀步發展了社交能⼒我所缺乏的技
能。
	</p>
	<p>
擁有⼀個社交圈，尤其是有共同興趣和事業的社交圈，可以更有效地實現⽬標。⾝為⼈
類，我們應該善於交際，我們渴望⼈與⼈之間的互動，⼈際關係對我們來說很重要。 我的
興趣和愛好之⼀是玩線上電玩遊戲，這也幫助我在信任和友誼的基礎上與其他⼈建⽴更緊
密的⼈際關係，這也可以影響我⽣活的其他部分，例如⼯作和周圍的環境。
	</p>
	<p>
環境也會影響⼀個⼈的性格，對我來說，我被留下來並信任獨⾃做事，讓我變得獨⽴，當
我⾃⼰去台灣讀書時，這⼀點就更加堅定了。它讓我養成了⾃⼰的消費習慣、⽣活⽅式和
決策，這些都成為了我的常態。
  </p>

  <hr style="border: 1px solid #CC33FF; margin: 30px 0;" />

  <p>
   Personality and abilities are part of who you are. Understanding your personality
and abilities can cultivate self-awareness and leverage it to influence your career
choices, relationships, and personal growth. </p>
	<p>
I've been interested in computers and mobile phones since childhood, which has
helped me develop skills in areas like coding and hardware. This has influenced my
career choices and paved the way for my future.</p>
	<p>
I'm what people call an introvert and don't usually socialize much, but my hobbies,
such as anime, have helped me develop my social skills and network. Attending
conferences and meetups has helped me further develop the social skills I lacked. </p>
	<p>
Having a social network, especially one that shares common interests and
endeavors, allows you to achieve your goals more effectively. As humans, we are
meant to be sociable and crave human interaction. Relationships are important to
us. One of my hobbies is playing online video games, which has helped me build
closer relationships based on trust and friendship, which has also impacted other
aspects of my life, such as work and the environment around me.
</p>
<p>
Environment also influences a person's character. For me, being left alone and
trusted to do things on my own made me independent, which was further
solidified when I went to Taiwan to study on my own. It allowed me to develop my
own spending habits, lifestyle, and decision-making, which have become my norm
  </p>
</body>
</html>